bpo-24416: Return a IsoCalendarDate from date.isocalendar() (#15633)
python/cpython: Doc/library/datetime.rst

   .. versionadded:: 3.2

> .. class:: IsoCalendarDate

Reviewer: Perhaps @taleinat will disagree with me, but if we do make this switch (and as I've said in the BPO thread, I'm not in favor of it), I consider the name and details of the return type class to be a bit of an implementation detail.

Practically speaking we would need to document that it is a `namedtuple` of some sort and what its attributes are, but ideally this would be a purely private class. I would never want to see code like `isinstance(x, datetime.IsoCalendarDate)` or `x = IsoCalendarDate(2019, 1, 1)`.

As such, if you document it anywhere it should probably not be referred to by name and just document its properties in the `isocalendar` documentation.

.. method:: date.isocalendar()

>    Return a 3-namedtuple, (ISO year, ISO week number, ISO weekday).

Reviewer 2: I don't believe "3-namedtuple" is in customary use, used elsewhere in our docs, nor clear enough in this context. Just use "named tuple".

Regardless, we'll need to describe the new `IsoCalendarDate` class explicitly (somewhere). So perhaps reference that instead.

>    Return a :class:`IsoCalendarDate`, (ISO year, ISO week number, ISO weekday).

Reviewer: This link to `IsoCalendarDate` will or should be dead, as this is an undocumented class. I have made suggestions in many places to change it to "named tuple", in this documentation I suggest you reword it like this:

Return a :term:`named tuple` object with three components: ``year``, ``week`` and ``weekday``.

Author: @pganssle 

> The pure-Python version defines a simple tuple sub-class with attribute access to the 
>  items, closely mimicking the structseq used by the C version. 

`:term:named tuple` is the right choice?
We are actually mimicking structseq aren't we?

Reviewer 3: Unfortunately, the Glossary has entries for both "named tuple" and "struct sequence", and it's clear as mud what the difference is intended to be.  At this point I'd be in favor of getting rid of the phrase "struct sequence" entirely everywhere in the docs, using only "named tuple" instead.  But that's outside the scope of this PR. 

The abbreviated name "structseq" doesn't mean anything to anyone outside CPython developers - it's an internal name used in CPython's C implementation code.

So, bottom line:  Paul's "`named tuple` object" looks best to me for now, although it will become more obviously clearer later, when the current "struct sequence"/"named tuple" confusion is purged from the docs.

   ``date(2003, 12, 29).isocalendar() == (2004, 1, 1)`` and ``date(2004, 1,
   4).isocalendar() == (2004, 1, 7)``.

   .. versionchanged:: 3.9

>       Result changed from a tuple to a :class:`IsoCalendarDate`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Result changed from a tuple to a :term:`named tuple`.
```

>       It can't be unpickled in previous versions.

Reviewer: I think I would remove this line. In general pickling something in one version of Python and unpickling it in another version is not a supported operation and I think the fact that the class of the return value changed should be enough of a hint to people debugging this issue if it comes up.

.. method:: datetime.isocalendar()

>    Return a :class:`IsoCalendarDate`, (ISO year, ISO week number, ISO weekday).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Return a named tuple, (ISO year, ISO week number, ISO weekday).
```
